Hello this is Curole from both dot com and welcome to this tutorial on creating your own automated trading
strategies for the foreign exchange market.
We will be using them as a trader for trading platform and consequently our programming language is
immaterial for.
I'm assuming that you already have met a trader for installed and that you have met or the Mirror editor
window in front of you.
So what are we going to do today is we going to create a very simple program which says or outputs onto
a screen.
The phrase hello world is kind of a tradition in programming that when you start learning a new language
that's the first thing that occurred.
All right so what we can do is in Mitta editor and the top left corner we're going to click you and
this will bring up the kill wizard lets them kill wizard is not something that we're going to be necessarily
using all the time going forward but it's a very handy tool to have and to use especially when you're
just getting started with and kill for.
So right now we have a choice of six different options.
An expert advisor custom indicators script library include new class so an expert advisor is the ultimate
program that we're going to be aiming to code at.
By the end of this course it's a robot it's a training robot that actually executes orders on the foreign
exchange market indicator shows.
It basically allows you to create your own indicator which can do your signals and identify certain
things on the market.
A script is a program that gets executed once and only once assumes that it's attached to the chart.
And about the other three we'll talk some some other time.
They're not as crucial at this stage so we're going to select a script because it's the easiest of the
top three then we're going to click next.
We're going to give our script a name over here at the top of the backslash.
You can call it whatever you like.
I'm just going to call it a real one as if this is your first time using my editor and you've just installed
it then these two fields author and link will be populated with default values.
I suggest you change them to something that is relevant to you.
So you have copyright over the code and plus somebody can find you there they ever want to get to get
in touch.
We're not going to have any parameters at this stage so just click Finish.
So what happened here is that Weser has created a script for us.
It's a script template.
You can check that the script actually exists by clicking opening the script folder on the left and
you'll see your script here to Tauriel one.
So everything that starts with double slash is a comment it is ignored by the compiler.
So basically when you create this script into a working program all these lines will be ignored.
They're there just for visual interpretation.
We're going to get rid of this line and this line because are basically useless.
These four properties they describe the program to meditate are four.
And we're not going to focus on them because they just get put there all the time by the wizard and
they're not really relevant to us at this stage.
What are we going to focus on.
Is this part this is the function or this is the body of the program which.
And it gets executed as soon as you attach a script to the chart right now.
Inside the body there's nothing inside the body.
And when I say inside I mean between these two curly brackets.
So we want to add some code to the program.
We're going to put it between these two curly brackets and what we're going to do is we're going to
type in the red alert and you can see it's come up here as a prompt alert is a built in function that
allows it to output messages onto the screen.
So we'll just use it at this stage we'll type and alert then we'll put into brackets and we'll put a
semi-colon inside the two brackets we need to type in all message.
Message has to be in quotation marks so we'll put two quotation marks and between them we will say hello
world exclamation mark.
So that's basically it.
Alert.
And then within the brackets message in quotation marks.
And please don't forget the semi-colon on the end.
That is quite important.
All right so that's our program.
Now we're going to compile it.
And what that means is we're going to create an executable file.
We're going to click compile as you can see here.
The compiler says that there's zero errors and zero warnings which is good.
Which means that everything worked fine.
Now we're going to go two minutes later for by clicking this button over here this is met a traitor
for.
And here we are going to find our script.
So on the left in the navigator panel just open up the scripts menu and find tutorial one.
And now we're going to attach it to the screen and hopefully that what will happen is we'll see the
message Hello world.
So let's go to go touch and there we go.
So.
Hello world.
And that's all we wanted to do for today.
I hope it was a useful tutorial and more tutorials and information are available and forget about dot
com and then to the next Tauriel happy coding.